hey guys salvia and today decided to
make a little bit of a mining route
tutorial or show you where I a mine so
hello there may be a little cheer cheer
for mining you anyway so today we show
you the route of where I mine is an
Oldham I respawn right here for life is
rocks
around the middle of sherry of this fly
over here beside long mountain forests
around the rocks over here by the middle
ish of this area around here and fly
over here on the bottom middle ish
thingy fly across give the rock of
course on the bay over here there's
really nothing but sometimes I get some
pie right as a bridge so let your here
check the spots you never know I do
their top yeah yeah but I blow you get
it start over ok so I'm going to speed
this up the whole thing but once i get
to an area so what I do is I you know
try on some techno fly around although
mine of course I said up my looking for
group so if i ever need a you know gear
of course they just at 85 boom with my
group and you might find a group like
this all the resonation
I love this place anyway so of course
turn on your clipper group you might
find a group and EBS our healer tanker
do whatever you want to do way speed
this up but first ones a rich elementium
yeah so fly around and enjoy it it's
lana trance techno make sure your mom
seemed out all the way yeah anyway so
forgot to record me hitting any five so
i was it a put like it hey ding level 85
sweet video up there but I ever did cuz
i forgot her cord i'm stupid shit but
it's whatever um christmas break right
now and my job doesn't give me any hours
of course because my boss hates fuck out
of me I'm in really bored playing xbox
an old friends playing what a lot of Wow
Michael I and haven't done much really
how much here yet I'm getting up there
and you know been talking to the ladies
of course cuz I'm a ladies man who plays
world of warcraft yeah that's how i do
but mining is very boring so I insist
you turn on technology want to
impregnate your skull with boredom I
don't get how that works at all you can
pregnant yourself but it works trust me
okay so it continued flying around the
rocks because of course mines or mining
spots like this
AQ 40 oh yeah camels blow me camels blow
me know camels below me I didn't say
okay I'm not gay I don't i'm not into
bestiality so don't think i'm like that
later in this the one pirate I see in my
route gets jacked by some shaman and if
you walk in this video hello shaman
crush your name but hello yeah saw it
I'm like sweet I saw her down there
mining it to you and i know i don't know
why i don't know why with fruit on my
dick i try stuff in my alliance it was a
horde and it's the pvp server I like the
fuck out of him for a pie right but I
never did I should have my other shiver
from a hunter is it or a horde I'm on
goblin hunter and I'm that will 71 so
the two maybe and I eat the fuckin up
our alliance I don't know Jace fuck
behind yes so let's apply it on the
bottom of this area right here just in
case is usually fine on the bottom have
you seen couple seconds here if I want
writing this little corner tucked away
somewhere maybe I think yeah were they
act one right there
right here and yes rich to see rich and
yeah clean spiders to them up weird kid
anyway yeah so about my work I've got I
think 15 hours in the past two weeks
like something balls hates me so
upsetting my page i could be like ninety
dollars if that are like 82 but I got a
new headset turtle beaches PX 21s the
pretty sick I'm commentating with him
right now and hoping something better
than my last my last night was pretty
shitty what Oh see if I right fucking I
tried it just sorry I think I and if you
notice I'm flying away in it you can
type a yellow we've got a right bitch it
was pissed off but I didn't write bitch
really excited it's not nice you know I
should I did it she was a bitch so my
pyrite special I so people's minds all
the time I'm a dick so if you're my
server Shadowsong your mining all them
prepare for dick eNOS because I will fly
down while you're fighting out 400 for
finding you I will take your mind I'm a
dick I like money you know this is a
real money like gold and I will steal it
I will steal your pie Rio so you're all
even still your copper there's a copper
vein and Oldham I would steal from you
as you all know how a dickhead until
human four digs yeah anyway yeah there's
never anything over here I you know why
fly over here but I fly over here on
this wall because yes these things in
the wall but we are nearing the end oh I
get one song here's here of course
black ops I'm getting clips I guys got
like four or five flips called Ezio some
collaterals I got to 260 s 10 scale for
one quick scope we succeed world's
rights or thing so I'm like getting a
little montage out soon maybe a
dual-core buddy awesome but we'll see
how it happens imma throw ya for myself
a little um like New Year's montage or
minute I hear something we called GD
I'll definitely have a video by then I
don't go ahead leave a comment saying
I'm a fucking faggot good the video but
I'm not a faggot like I don't like
camels it there is if you saw that part
and all four cameras if I told me Vegas
vaginas context I think
I passed me because I have tittle or
pussy uh-huh I always think about buying
that uh that 310 flying then I realize
what's the fuck the point four thousand
gold for like what two percent faster
that's fucking bullshit thanks 13
bathroom I don't like this guy baby
spits I saw like two things I'm okay so
I wasn't you and i miss little too I'm a
Dixie this is this is video proof a lot
asshole well this is the end right here
I wave to you and I say goodbye for you
hear me anyway please rate comment and
subscribe and if you have it in your
spots like maybe what's it called Oh
where's this vein anyway if any spots
want me to show you my little routes for
leave a comment thank you very much you
guys have a good day and I love you dos
email fuckers Oh Sees